Intro: Welcome traveler to the land of House, that is, welcome to my home.  Here I have lived, traveled, explored, and adventured for the past year and a half.  I have carefully documented my journeys, and I welcome you to explore this map I have made and to read of the beautiful landmarks of this wonderful world.

Upstairs

Bedroom

Statue of Lady Luminare (Shelf): At the tip of bedroom is the statue known as Lady Luminare.  Bedroom is known as a land of knowledge, exploration, and opportunity.  It’s divided into seven kingdoms: Dresser, Desk, Bed, Hitar, Shelf, and Muse, each of which is dedicated to a particular study or art.  People from all over the world travel to Bedroom in search of an opportunity to create a new life for themselves, and the first thing they see as they enter at the bay of Shelf is Lady Luminare standing over them, holding her light like a beacon of hope.

Books of Shelf:  The Kingdom of Shelf is dedicated to the pursuit of knowledge.  One of its most treasured establishments is the Books of Shelf which is a massive library featuring books of science, poetry, art, literature, and philosophy.  The books go up to the ceiling and the building is nearly a mile long.  Almost all of the worlds greatest writers and academics spend some of their life studying here.

Bay of Discarded Papers (Desk) : The Kingdom of Desk is dedicated to the pursuit of productivity.  At the edge of Desk is the Bay of Discarded Papers.  Over time, a pile of discarded papers from Desk builds up, unused, yet held on to in the event that one day there might be a need for them.  Eventually, as the pile grows larger and larger, the papers form into tiny boats that sail off into the bay, commandeered for other uses.  Some of them run aground and are finally disposed of.  Others may drift off to sea and be lost to the clutter of the world.  No one knows where these end up, but many people who wish to run away or be forgotten voyage to this bay in the hopes of jumping on one such boat and escaping their busy, industrial lives in Desk.

Hills of Hitar: In the Kingdom of Muse are the rolling Hills of Hitar.  This Kingdom is best known for its cultural influence, with its two major cities of Hitar and Piano.  The Kingdom of Muse is a hub for musicians of all sorts, and people from around the world visit for concerts and in the hopes of making it big in the world of music.  Classical musicians tend to migrate to Piano which is a more posh and traditional city, while singer song-writers flock to Hitar to explore a diverse range of up and coming styles.  Hitar was built in these massive hills in part because they provide beautiful acoustics, and when music is played in the city, it reverberates through the surrounding hillside, echoing for miles.

Mountains of Dirty Laundry (Bed): The Kingdom of Bed is a land for spirituals and dreamers.  The people here live simple lives in small towns where they meditate and seek peace and spiritual inspiration.  These peaceful towns lie in the shadow of the great Mountains of Dirty Laundry: a towering mountain range separating Bed from the rest of BedRoom.  These snowcap peaks are made of many different types of colorful rocks that create a beautiful mosaic on the horizon.  Once, when people first migrated to Bed, these mountains were so small as to be nonexistent, but overtime, they’ve grown, moved by forces beyond our control and comprehension.

Hot Air Balloons (Dresser): In the summer in the Kingdom of Dresser, you can witness the Summer Balloon Spectacle.  The nobility of Dresser all own brightly colored hot air balloons and fly them every week of the summer to a different part of the kingdom for a celebration.  The tradition is meant to encourage good relations between the nobility and their people.  While only high status individuals are invited to the main celebration, the streets in whichever city the nobility are visiting are often filled with festivity.  The people wear bright colors and exchange presents, and children watch the skies for a glimpse of those beautiful satin balloons.

Shadow of Eye Cathedral (Dresser): The Kingdom of Dresser is known for its dedication to beauty and art.  Here the buildings are all colorful and shiny, and the people are known for their high fashion.  It’s also a very religious kingdom with many ceremonies and celebrations worshipping Libra the Goddess of Beauty.  At the heart of the capital city is the Shadow of Eye Cathedral, a massive church with gorgeous, colorful stained glass windows.  On the east wall is The Eye: a massive circular window spanning from floor to ceiling.  When the sun rises, it shines through this window and fills the church with magnificent colors.

Jewel Cove: The Kingdom of Dresser is the worlds greatest export of luxury items including silks, precious metals, fine clothes, and jewelry.  Visitors can go pearl diving in Jewel Cove led by a native guide.  The cove is littered with oysters containing beautiful pearls.  It’s not all fun and games though.  Sharks and stingrays also enjoy the shallow, sunny waters of the cove.  They’ll leave you alone as long as you present no harm, but it certainly makes it more thrilling than your average day at the beach.

Yurts of the wanders: There is a group of people known as The Wanders who roam the kingdoms of Bedroom and live out of small yurts they assemble and disassemble as they move around the countryside.  They are originally from Kitchen and come to Bedroom full of knowledge, energy, and warmth.  They spend some time in the cities, but then, they grow empty and tired, and join their kindred.  Some eventually migrate back to Kitchen, but more always come.

Hallway

Skies of Hallway: Very few people live outside of the Kingdoms of Bedroom.  To the far north? Is the icy land of Bathroom, and between Bedroom and Bathroom are the great planes of hallway.  This is where the majority of crops for Bedroom are grown.  The area is massive and almost completely flat.  You can see for miles over the fields, and the great blue sky looks like a large tapestry laid out over the fields.

Bathroom

Gateway to the Sea: Here, near the border of Bathroom is what is known as the Gateway to the Sea.  It is a great ring through which you can see the vast endless ocean.  Travelers often leave small pieces of cloth on it to symbolize good luck and act as a marker of their visit.

Ice Cliffs of Bathroom: The Northern coast of Bathroom in a region known as Shower is lined with steep ice cliffs that drop directly into the raging sea below.  Some adventurous tourists risk death to climb them, but for the more faint of heart, there is a long, sturdy metal platform you can walk out on about halfway down the cliffs to view them.  In the winter, they are completely dark, so few people travel here, but in the summer, the sunlight makes the cliffs sparkle a translucent blue, and the rocky features of the land at the top casts great shadows across the cliffs.

Beaches of Bathroom: While Bathroom is far too cold for anyone to swim, there are beautiful icy beaches along the coast.  The ice freezes in small round sections like pebbles, and the waves crash gently on the shores.  Every now and then, a major storm comes through, and the beaches are flooded, removing the dirt and grime and returning them to their icy white simplicity.

Paper Pyramid: Near the border of Bathroom and Hallway is the Paper Pyramid.  No one knows where it came from.  It’s foundations are made of ice, and it’s covered in thin white paper tapestries.  There are still archeological digs going on in the area, but some of it is open to tourists in the summer time.  Inside are vast, circular chambers with openings up to the sky.  It’s a great mystery how such massive structures were built with primitive technology.

Tsunami off the coast of Sink:  The Western? Coast of Bathroom is known as Sink and is built upon an unstable tectonic plate that causes frequent earthquakes.  The land here is made of glaciers that are almost a mile thick, so you usually can’t feel the earthquakes from the surface, but they cause massive tsunamis up to 2000 feet tall.  The tsunamis break against the sides of the glaciers, and don’t cause any damage inland, so you can view them from a watch stand.

The Whirlpool of Bathroom: Another perilous feature of Bathroom is the Whirlpool Bay.  Cold water flows around the North? Side of the continent and spills into the bay, mixing with warm water and creating strong currents that occasionally cause a whirlpool to form in the bay.  Weathermen have gotten better at predicting these whirlpools, but most people stay clear of the bay if they can help it.

Towel Mountain: At the center of Bathroom is Towel Mountain.  This is a massive mountain that towers 5 miles tall.  To this day, it has never been summited.  There are many myths about monsters and spirits that dwell in and around the mountain.  One myth says that there is a great goddess who lives wrapped at the center of the mountain, whose hair is made of rain and whose skin is made of ice.  The nomadic people who inhabit this cruel landscape honor the Goddess with song and dance in the hope that she will not unleash her icy rage upon the land.

Downstairs

Living Room

Dart Air Show: The land of Living Room is known for its wonderful forms of entertainment.  One of the most exciting of these is the Dart Air Show held every weekend outside the city of Darts.  Two teams of planes race through the sky with the goal of flying through hoops of different sizes.  The most points are awarded for shooting through the smallest circle known as the Bullseye.  Crowds travel from all over the world to see these air shows, drinking happily and cheering for their favorite team.

Dart Opera House: The city of Darts is one of the world’s largest centers for entertainment and performing arts.  Not only is it home to Tele Vision, the world’s leading producer of movies, it is also home the the Dart Opera House.  Originally built for Opera’s, this grand stage is home to performances of all sorts from ballets to symphonies to musicals and plays.  Since it’s fully publicly funded, performances are free, but tickets sell out within hours of being released.  People will camp outside the ticket office for weeks to get a hold of tickets to the most popular performances.

Puzzle Art Museum: The Puzzle Art Museum is one of the most celebrated havens of art in the world.  It’s a big open space with massive white walls reaching upwards towards the sky.  The walls themselves are filled with massive masterpieces from world-renowned artists arranged like a massive gallery.  The works are incredibly diverse and can be reassembled into much larger pieces of similar form.  For the sake of storage and preservation, they are only assembled as such for special occasions.

Statue of Colonel Trooper: At the heart of Living Room is the wondrous city of Mantel: the nation’s capital.  Living Room was once a group of separate nations that competed viciously for resources until  it was united under communism long ago by the celebrated Colonel Trooper.  At the center of the capital is a massive statue honoring him.  Now all resources in Living Room are evenly distributed amongst its peoples, and decisions are made by vote.  While it acts as a democracy, decisions are primarily made by one member of the house who takes it upon herself to do much of the organizing while the remaining members almost always go along with her decisions.  It also suffers from some of the negative aspects of communism in that many individuals are less motivated to contribute to its maintenance, and its decorations tend not to be as showy as some other areas of the world.  That being said, it’s a lovely place to visit and has many publicly funded museums and entertainment.  The people are all very friendly and welcoming, and most people who visit Downstairs spend a great deal of their time in Living Room.

The festival of lights: Every year in the winter months, the people of mantel celebrate the coming of the blood moon with a festival of lights.  From early November until the end of January, they string colorful lights along the coast that can be seen from miles away.

Two towers: In Living room, a short distance from Darts are the world’s two tallest buildings known as the two towers.  This is where the radio station for all of Living Room is stationed, though signals can be reached as far away as Bedroom.  These towers are the center for entertainment streaming, and their numerous floors are the home of multiple radio stations, music, and live game shows.  They also extend underground where secret agencies of Living Room plan government programs and propaganda.

Pyramid of Gold: Deep in the HousePlant Rain Forest is a clearing where no plants grow.  At the center of the clearing is the massive Pyramid of Gold.  This ancient relic is believed to have been built long ago by a people who worshipped a God of Revelry.  The massive golden blocks that hold up the pyramid are filled with fermented grains and other herbs that have drug-like effects on the body, creating a sense of elation and relaxation.  Long ago, the pyramid was pillaged, but many who tried died from mysterious booby traps designed to protect the pyramid.  When Colonel Trooper united Living Room, he made it illegal to be within 500 feet of the structure, and it is surrounded by armed guards.  Tourists can still visit the pyramid, and eat in a bar built to look like a smaller version of the pyramid that is located at the end of the clearing.

HousePlant Rain Forest: Much of Downstairs is covered by a vast rainforest.  These brightly colored plants are enormous, some as tall as 40 feets with vines stretching for miles.  While many people have explored the rainforest, it’s so large that very little is known about it, and almost none of it has been mapped.  Along the edges, people collect fruits from it’s magnificent trees, and many medicines have been developed from the plants found in it.  Recently, many of the plants seem to have been dying or losing leaves.  Researchers are studying this phenomena in the hopes of reversing it, but they are unsure if it is receiving too much water or too little, too much sun or too little, too much humidity or too little...

Bottle Mosaic: The bottlecap mosaic is a massive art installation on the border between Kitchen and Living Room.  It was given to Living Room by Kitchen as a peace offering, and depicts a sunrise: a symbol of the growth of a positive relationship between all peoples of Downstairs.

Kitchen

The Forgotten Ruins of Dirty Dishes: If you head deep into Kitchen, beyond the bustling cities of spices and pots and pans, beyond the perilous canyons of Drawers and beneath the Caves of Cabinets, you will come across the Forgotten Ruins of Dirty Dishes.  This ancient city is thought to have once been a bountiful, clean, center of community, but now it lies dilapidated, grimy, and forgotten.  Great towers have collapsed and build new towers out of piles of rubble.  Very few people visit.  It is a place people would rather not remember.

Bags Canyon: Bags Canyon is a massive land form spanning almost all of southern Downstairs.  It’s sides are made of thousands of plastic bags wrapped in and around each other.  People have ventured to explore the caves on the sides of the canyon and have been lost forever in these maze-like structures.  Much of the canyon has been mined for use in garbage disposal across the rest of the world.

The Desert Flowers of Oven: Off the coast of Kitchen is the Desert Island of Oven.  It’s far too hot here for any civilizations to be built, but its heat is used to fuel much of the goings on in Kitchen.  We visited by boat, staying safely in the water, but witnessing the beautiful phenomenon known as the Desert Flowers.  These are interesting formations in which natural gas leaks from holes in the ground and immediately catches fire in the immense heat of the desert.  The effect is quite stunning.

Ice Caves of Fridge: In North Kitchen, there is an interesting phenomenon in which there is a small area of extreme cold known as Fridge.  While few people choose to live there, many people explore it in search of rare game and other resources.  The landscape is mountainous and full of ice caves such as this one.  Exploration is perilous, but the rewards can be priceless.

Pots City: The country of Kitchen borders Living Room and is more socialist than the Kingdoms of Bedroom, but not communist like Living Room.  There are many public spaces and resources, but it is built on the foundation of a competitive market and private property.  No one goes hungry, but the quality of food you eat depends on the time and effort you put in.  The capital of Kitchen is Pots City, which is a very industrial city composed primarily of factories.  Like the rest of Kitchen, Pots City is well known for its restaurant scene.  Some of the best food in the world can be found here, but be careful!  There are many bad restaurants hidden among the good, and it can be difficult to tell exactly what you’re getting until it’s on your plate.

Spice City: One of the most enjoyable cities to visit in Kitchen is Spice City.  This city is located in a temperate location perfect for growing many spices, and the areas surrounding it are largely made up of spice fields.  The cuisine here is unimaginably good with flavors for all different kinds of dishes.  They’re particularly well known for their spicy food, and visitors are welcomed to take spice challenges in which they eat progressively more spicy food.  Aside from food, Spice City is also known for its loud, friendly culture and its colorful, bustling streets.  If you’re lucky enough to be there during a festival weekend, you can join in with the locals in extensive dance parties that last all night.

Colander Museum: Shortly outside of Pots City is the Colander Museum of History, also known as the world’s greatest architectural masterpiece.  The museum documents all types of history including art history, political history, natural history, and ancient history.  Scholars who work for the museum travel the world, collecting information and pieces to understand the past and preserve the present for future generations to look back on and learn about.

Liquor

Glass City of Liquor: Along the coast of Downstairs is a narrow country called The Cabinet of Liquor or Liquor for short.  The capital of this city is Wine Cellar, but people mainly visit to see the Glass City.  This is a wild city full of both celebration and sorrow.  On weekends, the city floods with tourists who come for wild nights full of laughter, movies, and games.  Sometimes they leave with fantastic memories and good times.  Other times they leave with headaches and regret.  It’s an excellent place to host birthdays, bachelor parties, and celebrations of all sorts.

The COVID Circus: At the Port of Door is the COVID Circus.  This is a large camp ground full of tents surrounding a massive fountain filled with sanitizer.  Inside each tent, live events are held in which people report on catastrophes, act out horrible events, or host twisted comedies on life and the world.  Unlike a traditional circus, this circus is incredibly sanitary.  All visitors must remain at least six feet apart, and bathe in the Sanitizer Fountain upon arriving and before leaving.  While it is very clean, it is also poorly organized, and there is an incredible amount of misinformation about admission rates, show times, safety precautions, and where their next appearance will be.  Nothing is ever certain about the COVID Circus, so it’s important to be prepared for anything.

Basement

The Ancient Ruins of Residents Past: Here in Basement, it is too cold and dark for civilization, but there do lie what’s known as The Ancient Ruins of Residents Past.  There are two theories about these ruins, though they have been there so long that there is no documentation of their true origin.  The first theory is that the Ancient Residents once lived there in a time before the climate made it uninhabitable.  The other theory is that long ago, some civilization used the land of Basement as a dumping ground for waste.  Whatever the case, all things of value have been taken by “grave robbers” and what remains is generally unwanted junk that is better off left on Basement.

Lint Pit: Deep in the center of Basement is the horrible landform known as the Lint Pit.  This is a massive pit filled with twisted spongy structures that looks solid, but disintegrate into minute dust particles when touched.  Many people have fallen into the pit, unaware of its structure, and none have been able to escape.  It’s said that massive dust mites roam in the folds of the lint, and while it hasn’t been proven, rumor says that the dust it secretes is actually spores, and that the lint itself is some sort of monstrous fungus that consumes those who fall into its pit.

The whirlpool of Basement: One thing that makes the journey to basement so perilous is the Whirlpool of Basement.  This is a massive whirlpool that appears once a week near the dock on Basement.  It’s generally predictable, but there are some weeks it comes early or not at all.  Travel to Basement is generally scheduled for the middle of the week, when the whirlpool is least likely to form.  No one lives in Basement, but travelers, researchers, and tourists visit for various reasons during the summer when the temperatures are above freezing.

Mountain of Bezos: The center of Basement is covered by widely spaced mountains known as the Mountains of Bezos.  These towering structures are made of a stiff, brown stone that breaks at hard right angles.  They tower towards the sky, and while they look unstable, they have been standing for as long as people have visited Basement.  Recent research has shown that they’re actually growing, but as far as we know, there’s no precious materials inside worth exploring or mining.
